# Project Delivery - Task Manager

### Context
It is well known that it's important to have some organization in college as to keep track of our missing assignments and other miscellaneous tasks that we need to finish. To achieve this, everyone has a different method: some use agendas, some use digital tools, some even use their own memory. These tools help with the purpose of keeping track of tasks and to-do's, as well as organize one's own time to approach whichever task is the most urgent; basically, a task manager helps users keep track of these responsibilities in an organized way. This project simulates a basic task management system, which will focus on classifying and handling different types of tasks.

### Importance
It is very important to have these kinds of tools as a way to organize one's own tasks and things to do, since it gives structure to the work we do, as well as help to get everything done. However, in the focus of the class, this project will be important to the contents of the class as it will allow me to apply the concepts of OOP in a more real concepts, as well as the new concepts of Polymorphism (with a main class having some common methods that will be able to be used by all subclasses) as well as Pointers (to create a list or complilation of tasks which can be accessed and not just have a copy of the object created). 

### How I will approach the project (with OOP and Polymorphism/Pointers)
To approach this problem through an OOP perspective, I will have some classes and subclasses, around 6 or 7 in total. The main superclass will be a simple class Task, with general protected attributes such as description, due date, progress, and subject it belongs to, as well as some public attributes, such as display, getDueDate, getProgress, getSubject, etc. This class will have some subclasses, such as urgentTask, routineTask, or oneTimeTask. All of these classes will have their own implementation of Task's methods due to polymorphism, as well as have some specific attributes of their own. While these will be the main classes for the project, we can have other classes to support these, through composition/aggregation. For example, a DueDate class to have a day/month/year, hour/minute/second object that can belong as an attribute to Task or its subclasses. Another example is Subject, as to show which class subject the task belongs to, also an attribute of Task or its subclasses. Finally, we can have a class that contains a list of Tasks as to create the tool itself. It can be a UserInterface class, or simply a TaskList, that will contain a private attribute of a list of tasks, as well as methods to manipulate or show these tasks through the use of pointers to reference specific Task objects. 
